service and joy of gambling cordially
Welcome to a new must
imagination today there is one for you
unhealthy new holland telescopic loader from
free the holland dlc pack yes there is
to the child than I pc-version to my
It does not take long to find out
that is a risk, however, very much
very horny risks couple things are
Otherwise, I'll show you the james cook
means 536 point 70 agri exactly I would
let's get the new holland
and we can do it a bit
compare what you naturally to each
sure , the tires are different
we'll see that right now , we say
always put it in a row and
look at what the mature
yes
These are the ones after all
are a bit different
You can say that I can find here
These are, for example, those of the
choppers have
steeper edges or whatever you call it
fall or somehow the advice
distance is pretty much the same
Generally we have to go here
Textures look and it is actually
the madness
that could really be original jesse
like its so good the texture is like this
good are the rims so is the substructure
And also in the rear area of ​​this sticker
high-resolution so that's not so
high resolution but I will be times
exactly say the quality of giants
that's usually why it fits
good it is not about perfect but it
is very very good and I think so
You can definitely see it here
me as an alternative really nice really good
Compared to the new holland what we
changed here is very funny and
Although it is here
this never holland logo that one
apparently not get away that sort of
firmly anchored to the model is and
they have the principle remedy
created and have
made that easy here in front
the logo somehow works out then
it's just just a smooth one
Of course, surface is not even even
if he still has a game in front or
that would have gone well, too
I say
otherwise, as I said, not much
otherwise we can test times briefly
but otherwise top speed is
I think that would have to be forty
his or her
otherwise the same one can yes
the same tools for the front look
So you have everything right there
40 top speed and easy
blinker everything works but for it
that this again chelsea risks so
looks great there are five of me here
Just do not forget the stars
in the side is that chelsea below in
the door inside great it is the
others on it too nerstedt me on it
somewhere else a logo good roof
anyway, this grid is clear here, too
that's basically the same in principle
Of course you have the color here
done differently here in front
this black area is here
was also in yellow and scanned
otherwise, as I said, yes
nothing what would otherwise find
but as I said this version visually
simply much more appealing and much
horny and respect that of the
texture so good so
High resolution water with this
short crisp mod showing in the shop
Take a quick look and you'll have to pay us
the 58 1300 euro you see here the the
holland is 2 ps more and more of your performance
the cost is less the picture
Absolutely okay with the logo, too
perfect what more could you want
and I think the lok would have
actually almost certainly bug-free
his
that 's her, that's wonderful too
I say goodbye to these words
makes good service